The sound of the train andッ
wijer Karma
made the vom jeune the sounds painful
.
The sound of scenario
I said, where are you?
Excuse me, excuse me.
Why run away?
Why to meet?
I'm sorry.
Don'trai.
Are youmotherfucker?
I'm sorry.
Are you child?
If you love your mother,
I'll do whatever you can to her.
Okay, bye.
I'll use it properly.
Thank you, thank you.
I'm glad you came.
I'll buy it.
I'll buy it for 35 yen.
The car is 35 yen.
It's expensive.
I'll buy it for my life.
I'll buy it.
It's 36 yen.
Which store is this?
Anyway, it's a store in the Kankai district.
Kankai district?
Where are you going?
It's small.
Who said you can go to this store?
You, you, you are so embarrassed.
You are a man.
What are you doing?
What time is it?
It's 430 yen.
You are a man.
Tomorrow, you can't drink in the morning.
The End